As you learned during the lesson,
governance establishes authority management and
decision-making related to information systems and data.
Policies set the rules all people need to follow or at least be aware of.
In this exercise, you explored some of Udacity's policies on their legal website,
udacity.com/legal and their terms of use.
On their website, you can see they have numerous policies available for you to read.
Most likely you didn't read them,
but they're there and I recommend you do.
For example, the Terms of Use explains what
you're expected to do while using their websites.
Privacy Policy, what information can you Udacity collect about you.
The Cookies, those are those little remnants when you're browsing.
International and GDPR has to do with international privacy rules,
and then how to give feedback.
Let's look at their specific terms of use.
The terms of use set the rules for using Udacity's websites and services.
In particular, if you scroll down on Udacity's terms of service website,
you should pay attention to their services.
These are the rights regarding their services.
The access and user accounts section provides the definitions and requirements.
Now, lets explore Udacity's privacy policy.
On Udacity's privacy policy,
note how they may use your information and what they collect.
You may also see how they use analytics as a part of their services.
Lastly, review how they may share or disclose your user private information.
Security and privacy professionals need to be very
knowledgeable about the different types of policies and how they are used.
I encourage you to explore Udacity's policies as examples.